Whois Integration issues (#19853)
demisto/content: Packs/Whois/ReleaseNotes/1_3_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Whois

> - Fixed an issue where the **Domain** command would not proceed to the next input when a warning was received.
> - Fixed an issue where the WHOIS server host of the 'aws' extension was missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **Domain** command did not check the reputation of the remaining domains when a warning was encountered for one of them.
- Fixed an issue where the WHOIS server host of the 'aws' extension was missing.
```
